{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15400\viewh17040\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Approve and Reject action dialogs\
prototype: Yes\
author: Joel Nave\
updated: 11/13/2007 by Joel Nave\
\
The Approve and Reject action dialogs are common global actions available to all workflow objects that support approval and rejection of a workflow state.  It is available as a button in the object-level actions. \'a0This action dialog adheres to all Action Dialog general specifications unless noted in this document.\
\
*** General ***\
Dialog size:  675 x 560\
Initial Focus: \'a0UserID input field.  If this field is not displayed, then the Password input field.  \
\
\
*** Header ***\
Title: \'a0"Approve for [X]" or "Reject for [X]", where X is the status \
Subtitle: \'a0"Type . Unique Identifier"\
\
\
*** Message Area ***\
Help Text: \'a0\
- "Provide sign-off identification, specify users to notify and provide necessary comments.  Sign-off notifications can be sent as urgent by selecting the "Send notification as urgent" option.  \
Errors:\
- DMS: "You have [2] errors"\
- Inline:  "[UserID] is a required field"\
Warnings:  None\
\
\
*** Content Area ***\
\
Sign-off field set\
- The "For" section will contain a list of users / user groups that the logged in user can sign-off for on this object.  \
- "For" is required\
- Display order will be 1) logged in user 2) any user groups the logged in user can approve for 3) any sign-offs that have been escalated from another user 4) any sign-offs that have been transfered from another user\
\
- The logged in user's name is checked by default under "For:"\
- If the logged in user is the only name listed under "For:", the checkbox shall be disabled so that the user cannot de-select it.\
- If applicable, the logged in user's responsibilities shall be displayed in parenthesis to the right of their name.  This will wrap if there are many responsibilities for the user\
\
- If a sign-off has been escalated to the user "(escalated)" shall be displayed to the right of their name\
- If a sign-off has been transfered to the user "(transfered authority)" shall b displayed to the right of their name\
\
- If applicable, "User ID" is displayed and indicated as required\
- Password is required\
\
Notify field set\
- No users shall be defaulted to notify\
- Notification is not required\
\
\
*** Action Bar ***\
Approve / Reject: \'a0Executes sign-off action and will send notifications as appropriate\
   - Note that this action will either be "Approve" or "Reject"\
Cancel: \'a0Closes dialog without executing action\
Send notifications as urgent: \'a0\'a0Checkbox option. \'a0Will send notifications with urgent flag. \'a0\
\
\
*** Post Action User Feedback ***\
There is no user feedback after this action is completed \
\
*** Persistence ***\
There is no persistence associated with this dialog}