{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf430
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25100\viewh16120\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Introduction
\b0 \
Introduce myself.  Goal is to learn about potential usability and product issues and general observations.  This information will be used to inform design for the initial and following releases of CNM.  You will not be recorded during this session.  Please be critical and state your mind.  This will not offend us and will allow us to improve the solution.  If I press you on a comment, this is not meant to question you, rather to provide us a deeper understanding of your comment.      \
\

\b Introductory Questions
\b0 \
Title\
Role in process\
Industry\
Current Application\
User Type (Power, Novice)\
Company Size\
\

\b Focus Areas
\b0 \
You are working on a quote for a new product called the Ultra Fast Road Bicycle.  Your customer has provided you with requirement that have been entered previously.  Your tasks will revolve around the quote for this bicycle.  \
\

\b Object Details Navigation
\b0 \
- There is an image file attached for the Braking system of the bicycle.  Please view this image.\
- Now that you have viewed the image for the Braking system you would like to see when this requirement record was last updated\
\
Q - How would you edit these fields if you needed to?\
\
- You want to add a note to the speed requirement stating that you think the requirement can be met by using better tires.  \
\
Q - How would you view comments on notes and add a comment?\
Q - If you wanted to contact team member Anthony Moquette, but do not have his information, how would you do this?\
Q - What might the green dot next to some names indicate?\
Q - What do you think the section "Similar To" represents?\
Q - What Status is this requirement in?\
\
\

\b Location of object level actions
\b0 \
- You would like to save this requirement as a new requirement.  You want to copy everything to the new requirement except for the Team Members.  \
\
Q - What would be your expectations of this action?  Would it copy the quote structure, or just the specific requirement.  After executing the action, what would be displayed on the screen?\
\
\

\b Working with the Explorer
\b0 \
- Now you would like to add two sub-requirements to the Braking requirement for the Front Break and the Back Break.  How would you do this?\
\
Q - What is the difference between Create and Add\
Q - Is the ordering of requirement important\
Q - Are there any requirements in the structure that you think may be completed?  Is this valuable?\
Q - Does this representation of a Quote and it's requirements make sense?\
Q - What information is lacking?\
\
\

\b Home and General Navigation
\b0 \
- Please describe the sections displayed on the Home page\
\
Q - What does the checkbox in front of each Action Item represent?  What would you expect to happen if you checked an action item?\
Q - Is the information presented on this page useful for you?  \
Q - Is there other information that you would like to have on this page?\
Q - Can you describe the elements of the top pane and what you think they might do?\
\
\
- What are your general impressions of what you have seen today?
\fs24 \
\
\
\
}