{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf430
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17600\viewh14200\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 - team thing they liked\
- very little interaction with customers (mostly email conversations).  80%  of content is internal.  Salesforce.com allows you to tag something as public, which can then be visible to the user. \
\
engineering\
sourcing\
customer?\
\
structure of ideas that can be prioritized, sifted through.  is it a dead idea?\
- developing internal r&d, we have a broad set of issues that we are trying to develop.  \
\
- a message board that threads all of the various conversations that occur... pricing, sourcing, design...  topics die in email, or get re-dircted without closing the loop on some topics or ideas.  Don't want to cloud or push a given topic out of discussion without flushing the initial one out.  \
\
- in collaborative, design intensify situations, may want suppliers in system working with you.  some felt that this was rare for them.  in a real co-development phase\
\
- sometimes have to firewall self from other internal teams, because you are competing against them\
\
Structures need to be very fluid.  No one knows where things are, or what the current versions are\
\
often create a war room where everyone puts their latest and greatest on the wall and go through them to look through and discuss where they are at.  putting pages of proposal on wall, technical, cost, management (schedule, process...).  these three really determine their approach to the project.  referred to these as 3 "volumes".  People will come in to do a peer review to see the viability of the quote.  In this case, the war room must have all the necessary information to review.\
\
\
product structure tree\
- have a nice tree with color coding to indicate where they are in the process and which ones need help\
\
\

\b Baselines
\b0 \
\
- you have something like a where used that points back to all\
\
- wants to go back in time and start from where they were.  want baseline to be more interactive, then just capturing a snapshot pdf.  multiple agreed that it is not uncommon for them to revert back to a previous point in time\
\
- maybe a compare version / baseline feature that would allow user to pick and choose what they want to revert to\
\
- have a way to re-patriate new ideas with a more historical stable version    \
\
comparison is not detailed enough.  maybe a mind map type of capability that allows the user to look at 50k foot level and then dive down into details.  \
\
other... would like to know which requirements are met per version.  would rather look at general requirements, are they met and in what version.  \
}